This software is available under the MIT License. Please read through the mit.license file for more details.

Code is found in the src/ folder with the following notebooks:

1. {ethiopia|tanzania|uganda}_policy.ipynb: outcome aware clustering based policy recommendations for LSMS surveys. 
Scripts are almost identical. We kept them different due to minor changes in how we processed the data.

2. plot_coeffs.ipynb: Plots figures based on the results generated by the above notebooks

3. summarize_coeff.ipynb: Summarize the best coefficients per cluster after running step 1.

4. summary_statistics.ipynb: Generate summary statistics for each of the clusters to be displayed in maps, charts.

Results and figures are found as per below details:

1. Raw files are in the data/ folder with tabular entry per household with cleaned up features. These can be used for calculating PCA.

Ethiopia: ethiopia_v23_normed.csv
Tanzania: tanzania_2014_v8_cleaned.csv
Uganda: uganda_2013_cleaned.csv

2. Average and std-err of features across clusters. The images and the corresponding csv files are stored in:
See plot.ipynb how these figs are created using these csv files.

Country: image subfolder in figures/, average stats file in the results/ folder
Ethiopia: figs/, ethiopia_crop_sales/crop_sales___output___ethiopia_2015_avg.csv
Tanzania: tanzania_figs/, tanzania_v6_7_crop_sales/crop_sales___output_avg.csv
Uganda: uganda_figs/, uganda_v2_crop_sales/crop_sales___output_avg.csv

3. Regression coefficients with lower and upper bounds can be found in the results/ folder.
Ethiopia: ethiopia_crop_sales/coef_crop_sales___ols.csv (OLS regression), ethiopia_crop_sales/coef_crop_sales___lasso.csv (Lasso regression), 
Tanzania: tanzania_v6_7_crop_sales/coef_crop_sales___output.csv
Uganda: uganda_v2_crop_sales/coef_crop_sales___output.csv

4. The lifts of movement across clusters are plotted from results/threshold_lift.csv. 
Currently, this is only for Ethiopia, waiting for cleaned up versions for different years for Uganda/Tanzania.

5. Variations of features across clusters, for e.g: % change from cluster 1 to cluster 2.
Similar columns exist for 2-3, 3-4, and average.
I currently sort by each of these columns and pick most varying features per column.
Ethiopia: variations_ethiopia.xlsx
Tanzania: variations_tanzania.xlsx
Uganda: variations_uganda.xlsx


